style: apply /style-guide pass to models/integrations (#2673)
wandb/docs: models/integrations/dagster.mdx

---
description: "Integrate W&B with Dagster to track ML experiments and manage data pipelines with automatic logging and monitoring."
title: Dagster
keywords: ["dagster ops", "dagster asset", "orchestration"]
---

> Use Dagster and W&B together to orchestrate your MLOps pipelines and maintain ML assets, so you can track experiments, manage data, and run training jobs from within your existing Dagster workflows. The integration with W&B lets you do the following within Dagster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Dagster and W&B together to orchestrate MLOps pipelines and maintain ML assets. Within your existing Dagster workflows, you can track experiments, manage data, and run training jobs. The W&B integration supports the following tasks:
```

Author: Applied.

The W&B Dagster integration provides a W&B-specific Dagster resource and IO Manager:

* `wandb_resource`: a Dagster resource used to authenticate and communicate with the W&B API. 
* `wandb_artifacts_io_manager`: a Dagster IO Manager used to consume W&B Artifacts.

> This guide is for ML practitioners and platform engineers who already use Dagster and want to add W&B tracking and artifact management. It walks through the prerequisites for using W&B in Dagster, shows how to create and use W&B Artifacts in ops and assets, explains how to use W&B Launch, and describes recommended best practices.

Reviewer: "It walks..."  sounds ableist. 

```suggestion
This guide is for ML practitioners and platform engineers who already use Dagster and want to add W&B tracking and artifact management. You'll learn how to set up Dagster, create and use W&B Artifacts in ops and assets, use W&B Launch, and apply best practices.
```

Author: Applied — 'You'll learn how to…'; also swept 'walks you through' across the set.

## Before you get started

> Before you configure the integration, gather the W&B credentials and identifiers it needs to authenticate and route your runs.

Reviewer: This sentence sounds way more confusing than it is. You use need your key, entity, and a name of a project.

```suggestion
```

Author: Removed the sentence.

You need the following resources to use Dagster within W&B:

- **W&B API Key**.

> - **W&B entity (user or team)**: An entity is a username or team name where you send W&B Runs and Artifacts. Create your account or team entity in the W&B App UI before you log runs. If you don't specify an entity, the run goes to your default entity, which is usually your username. Change your default entity in your settings under **Project Defaults**.

Reviewer: Why is it defining "W&B entity"? Point to the docs... https://docs.wandb.ai/platform/hosting/iam/org_team_struct or https://docs.wandb.ai/models/quickstart#python

Also, we don't have personal entities anymore.

```suggestion
- **W&B entity**: The name of your W&B Team.
```

Author: Applied — '**W&B entity**: The name of your W&B Team' (linked); dropped the personal-entity wording.

- **W&B project**: The name of the project where [W&B Runs](/models/runs) are stored.

Find your W&B entity by checking the profile page for that user or team in the W&B App. You can use a pre-existing W&B project or create a new one. Create new projects on the W&B App homepage or on the user or team profile page. If a project doesn't exist, W&B creates it automatically when you first use it.

### Set up your API key

> The integration authenticates with the W&B API using an API key, which you must make available to Dagster as an environment variable.

Reviewer: What is "W&B API"?

```suggestion
The integration authenticates with W&B using an API key, which you must make available to Dagster as an environment variable.
```

Author: Applied — 'authenticates with W&B using an API key'.

1. [Log in to W&B](https://wandb.ai/login). If you're using W&B Server, ask your admin for the instance host name.
2. Create an API key at [User Settings](https://wandb.ai/settings). For a production environment, use a [service account](/support/models/articles/what-is-a-service-account-and-why-is-it-) to own that key.
3. Set an environment variable for that API key: `export WANDB_API_KEY=[YOUR_KEY]`.

After completing these steps, Dagster can read your API key from the environment when it loads the `wandb_resource`.

> The following examples demonstrate where to specify your API key in your Dagster code. Specify your entity and project name within the `wandb_config` nested dictionary. You can pass different `wandb_config` values to different ops or assets if you want to use a different W&B Project. For more information about possible keys you can pass, see the following Configuration section.

Reviewer: Linke to Configuration section?

Author: Done — linked to [Configuration](#configuration).
